alright guys check out my new scooter
it's so sick I love it it's amazing I
can't wait to go to skate park with it
so yeah super cool super cool um is it
in focus
yeah what's up guys so whoever knows how
to start a vlog I just don't to be like
hey guys how's your morning or hey guys
how was your afternoon because that's
just so cliche so to break it from the
norm I'm just gonna have a little
advertisement by vlog Asil so if you
guys ever need encouragement with vlogs
if you guys ever just feel like a
vlogger make sure you get vlog Asil it
is great there's these guys recently
they made this this video trying it out
think it's about time doing a tempest
where people actually understand you
hate tennis
I don't hate tennis you I'm better than
you at trampolines trust me from the
video you can just tell that they love
it anyway go check them out
Clayton let's go to the skate park
already man it's good about to get dark
soon in like an hour
alright little nothing's what Clayton
what are you wearing I'm wearing
what what are those dude okay so let me
just look at me a little backstory so
[Applause]
clay let's go to the skate park already
man I got it from this vlog like we got
to do stuff friend isle dude Clayton
come on
[Music]
yo somebody just rang the doorbell
left the suitcase I was like yours is it
hey why don't you just answering to me
do just duty plays this year freakin
suitcase left that slug and do me or the
skatepark already like it's getting late
I just got to do it like what is it
saying we gotta go to the skate park
right now and so we left this suitcase
let's just see what's inside it's
tirmidhi just let me just I was it for
you look right here it has my name on it
lighten up let me open it every single
time we get a package you're the one
that opens it everywhere happen last
time why god oh dude put that put that
box down dude this is so bright its
Lucky Charms you don't even like Lucky
Charms man dude oh my gosh how are you
enjoying this right now dude Congrats
you are a wimmer and you are sponsored
dude oh my gosh this is just cuz your
hairs orange this is absolutely a dream
come true I don't I don't back this dude
I don't back this yeah there was just a
suitcase at our door and when you open
it up there were just some like lucky
Tom's in there in a leprechaun suit so I
honestly have no idea what it's about
but now clayton's I think he's just
messing with me right yeah so all right
guys we'll see at the skate park
I forgot my fisheye but we're doing a
vlog today claims already done at the
skate park wait a second
even see him
doing clean what is going on D Clinton
what are you doing why do you have a
body of the full leprechaun suit on the
pants were kind of weird
honey's playing this vlog is gonna suck
maybe we shouldn't you blogged anyways
why are you wearing you're still not
answering the question like why are you
eating Lucky Charms well I know this I
know they send to you but like well I'm
not eating that I swear god I'm looking
on the phone ah this kids lost his mom
you can donate in the books yes I saw
fun I thought I'd go closer and have a
peep show to the woods I started to
creep it's a my sick boys around the
fire Oh dance on the rim so I thought
I'd wait until they finish their funk
and then it all go so guys we just got
here
back to the Casa got Willy sup man full
joy today dude did you leave your skier
there or what decided here I'm not
trying to drive all the way back freakin
mark Park - it's like 10 minutes though
yeah I don't want to drive all the way
back
I don't like yes and why do you have a
bowl of Lucky Charms in here still did
you dump these out no I
you're ridiculous dude you're no dude
cute
not what it's called confidence you
still there so I'm gonna for sure can
you grab my back I'm pretty positive
that it wasn't your car look at yourself
right now you're not even like mentally
stable you're dressed like a leprechaun
yeah I'll just drive back and do I need
to call your parents dude because you're
acting strange as I don't call my pouch
there you are Wow a few moments later
[Music]
well well well
now played have you seen my vlog so
anywhere dude late dad
clay dad oh my god Clayton